Fix crash when add clipping planes same length twice (#10831)
CesiumGS/cesium: CHANGES.md

- Fixed a bug where camera would not follow the `Viewer.trackedEntity` if it had a model with a `HeightReference` other than `NONE`. [#10805](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/10805)
- Fixed a bug where calling `Vector3DTileContent.getFeature` before a render update could result in no feature being returned. [#10819](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/10819)
- Fixed a bug where calling `removeAll` on a `ClippingPlaneCollection` attached to a `Model` would cause a crash. [#10827](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/10827)

> - Fixed a bug where calling `add` twice with same length on a `ClippingPlaneCollection` attached to a `Model` would cause a crash. [#10832](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/10832)

Reviewer: Small wording change. Also I believe the URL is wrong, it links to the issue, not the pull request
```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where replacing a `Model`'s `ClippingPlaneCollection` with one of the same length would cause a crash. [#10831](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/10831)
```
